Explain KubeVela (#960)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/platform-engineers/overview.md

As a platform builder, the encapsulation engine is essential to create any end user facing platform with Kubernetes, i.e. we want to lower the bar for end users by creating higher level abstractions. 

One typical example is we will want to encapsulate a Kubernetes `Deployment` and `Service` into a module probably named *Web Service*, and let end users to instantiate this module by simply filling in the needed parameters (e.g. `image`, `replicas` and `ports`). For example, the [`web-service.ts` ](https://github.com/awslabs/cdk8s/blob/master/examples/typescript/web-service/web-service.ts) lib in cdk8s, the [`kube.cue`](https://github.com/cuelang/cue/blob/b8b489251a3f9ea318830788794c1b4a753031c0/doc/tutorial/kubernetes/quick/services/kube.cue#L70) lib in CUE, and this widely used [Deployment + Service](https://docs.bitnami.com/tutorials/create-your-first-helm-chart/) Helm chart. Of course, some teams with great frontend engineers will choose to build a GUI console for creating such abstraction.

Hence, the encapsulation engine of KubeVela is designed to help to make building abstractions easy, in a highly extensible approach. 

#### Build Extensible Abstraction

> First of all, with KubeVela, you will never create monolithic abstraction which is restricted and can't be extended. In detail, the encapsulation engine introduced a extensible app-centric model behind the abstraction, this makes the abstraction is essentially assembled by components (workload modules) and traits (operational modules), a example is like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, with KubeVela, you will never create monolithic abstraction which is restricted and can't be extended. In detail, the encapsulation engine introduced an extensible app-centric model behind the abstraction, this makes the abstraction is essentially assembled by components (workload modules) and traits (operational modules), an example is like below:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1alpha2
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: application-sample
spec:
  components:
    - name: foo
      type: worker # component type
      settings:
        image: "busybox"
        cmd:
        - sleep
        - "1000"
      traits:
        - name: scaler
          properties:
            replicas: 10
        - name: sidecar
          properties:
            name: "sidecar-test"
            image: "nginx"
    - name: bar
      type: aliyun-oss # component type

>       bucket: "xxxxx"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      bucket: "my-bucket"
```

```

> Every `component` and `trait` in above abstraction is defined by platform team via `Definition` objects. For example, [`WorkloadDefinition`](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/tree/master/config/samples/application#workload-definition) and [`TraitDefinition`](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/tree/master/config/samples/application#scaler-trait-definition). As the end user, they only need to assemble these modules into an application. Also, if end user has any requirement, the platform team could customize module template in definitions by any time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every `component` and `trait` in above abstraction is defined by platform team via `Definition` objects. For example, [`WorkloadDefinition`](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/tree/master/config/samples/application#workload-definition) and [`TraitDefinition`](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/tree/master/config/samples/application#scaler-trait-definition). As the end user, they only need to assemble these modules into an application. Also, if end user has any new requirements, the platform team could customize the module template in definitions by any time.
```

#### A Unified Abstraction For All

> KubeVela intends to support any possible module type by natural, for example `CUE`, `Terraform`, `Helm`, etc and of course by a plain `Kubernetes CRD`. In order to define modules and parameters orgnized, we also introduced a [`catalog` structure](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/master/design/vela-core/APIServer-Catalog.md#catalog-structure). KubeVela will load such catalog via Git repo URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KubeVela intends to support popular module types by natural, for example `CUE`, `Terraform`, `Helm`, etc and of course with a plain `Kubernetes CRD`. In order to define modules and parameters orgnized, we also introduced a [`catalog` structure](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/master/design/vela-core/APIServer-Catalog.md#catalog-structure). KubeVela will load such catalog via Git repo URL.
```

```console
/catalog/ # a catalog consists of multiple packages 
|-- <package>
    |-- v1.0 # a package consists of multiple versions
        |-- metadata.yaml
        |-- definitions/
            |-- xxx-workload.yaml
            |-- xxx-trait.yaml
        |-- conditions/
            |-- check-crd.yaml
        |-- hooks/
            |-- pre-install.yaml
        |-- modules.yaml # could be helm, terraform, etc.
    |-- v2.0
|-- <package>
```

Hence, it's straightforward that you could use KubeVela to create unified abstraction that can deploy any kind of resource, including cloud services, as long as they could be encapsulated by a module and placed in the catalog above. Actually, in the `application-sample` above it defined a OSS bucket on Alibaba Cloud for the other component to consume, this is powered by Terraform module.

#### No Configuration Drift

Many of the existing modules today are defined by client side Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) tools and even Kubernetes tool like Helm sits at client side as well. So in the nutshell, KubeVela encapsulation engine can just be implemented at client side which would be easier to be adopted.

> But client side abstractions, though light-weighted, always lead to a issue called infrastructure/configuration drift, i.e. the generated component instances are not in line with the expected configuration. This could be caused by incomplete coverage, less-than-perfect processes or emergency changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But client side abstractions, though light-weighted, always lead to an issue called infrastructure/configuration drift, i.e. the generated component instances are not in line with the expected configuration. This could be caused by incomplete coverage, less-than-perfect processes or emergency changes.
```

> In KubeVela, the encapsulation engine is intended to be implemented in a [Kubernetes Control Loop](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/controller/). This is the key for KubeVela to eliminate the issue of configuration drifting but still keeps the simplicity and software delivery velocity enabled by IaC (and Helm) modules.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we are not following the control loop, once deployed, the underlying resouces can be manuelly changed and will not be recovered by the kubevela controller

Author: We always go the control loop, in detail:
1. C/AC are **immutable** objects, i.e. they cannot be modified  by human (should ensure this in admission). So vela should at least reconcile delete events of these immutable objects (in case they were deleted accidently).
2. C/AC controller will track and reconcile underlying resources are up-to-date by control loop, unless the admin chose to disable this. 

It also worth to take a look at the behavior of helm operator, since we plan to support similar thing in the future https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/guides/helmreleases/
